Hello my dear, I love you
You are the only one for me
I find all the others dumb
therefore I want to go out with you
You are so different, so very special
I always notice such things quickly
Now take your clothes off and lie down
Because I'm so in love with you
It's getting dark, it will soon be night
So here's a word of warning to heed
Men are pigs
Do not ever trust them, my child
They all want only one thing
Because that's how men are
A man feels very manly only
when he can give it to you
He'll lie and promise you the moon
Just to get you in the sack
And then, the next morning
He won't even remember your name
Inconsiderate and unrestrained,
He's a complete stranger to emotions
He equates love with giving you his seed
So girls, always be aware
Men are pigs
Don't expect eternal sunshine
Unfortunately there are no exceptions
Because every man has an inner pig
Men are sows
Don't believe a word they say
They will swear everlasting faithfulness
and then disappear the very next morning
Yeah, yeah, yeaaaaaah
Men!? Those awful, hairy beasts!
They have to feel up everything!
A-a-and they all want the same thing
from a girl!
And if you still make the mistake
of letting yourself get hitched
your knight in shining armor
will turn into an animal shortly after the wedding
Then he'll finally reveal his true self
Unshaven and disgusting
drinks beer, watches TV and gets fat quick
and burps and farts in your bed
Then you'll have King Kong for a husband
Therefore I say to you, always remember:
Men are pigs
Do not ever trust them, my child
They all want only one thing
They are blind to what true love really is
Men are rats
Approach them with great caution
They want to fuck everything
That has a pulse
Men are pigs
Don't expect eternal sunshine
Unfortunately there are no exceptions
Because every man has an inner pig
Men are cars
that lack a spare tire
Yeah, yeah, yeaaahhh...
http://www.youtube.com/ShichinintaiGrave17